---
layout: blog
author: Lee Richmond
title: Graphiti 1.2 Released
---

I'm thrilled to announce much-needed, much-improved Rails integration,
courtesy of the amazing [Peter Wagenet](https://github.com/wagenet) and
the new [graphiti-rails](https://github.com/graphiti-api/graphiti-rails) gem.
This gives us better error handling, tighter controllers, and a solid
foundation for the codebase moving forward.

You'll be especially happy about this release if you've ever tried to
add error-handling middleware. Because prior versions of Graphiti used
`rescue_from` in `ApplicationController`, we intercepted errors before
other middleware had access to them. Now everything just works.

As part of this upgrade, we're switching from `GraphitiErrors` to
[RescueRegistry](https://github.com/wagenet/rescue_registry). Think of
`RescueRegistry` as a well-refactored version of `GraphitiErrors`, available to
even non-Graphiti developers.

Though you don't have to do anything to upgrade to Graphiti 1.2, this release will start throwing deprecation notices around `ApplicationController`. Don't worry, the required changes are quite minor and spelled out in the [graphiti-rails migration guide]({{site.github.url}}/guides/graphiti-rails-migration).

I'm quite happy with how this effort turned out. This release dramatically improves our integration with Rails internals, and I think everyone involved learned a lot. I'm honored to work with such talented developers in our open-source community ❤️

If you have any further questions, check out the `#dev` or `#rails`
channels in our [Slack Chat](https://join.slack.com/t/graphiti-api/shared_invite/enQtMjkyMTA3MDgxNTQzLTU5MDI4MDllNTEzOTE1Nzk0ZGJlNTcxZDYzMGY2ZTczMDY2OWZhM2RmNTU0YWNiOWZhZDhkMmU4MzQ5NzIyNWM)

<br />
<br />
<br />
<br />
<br />
<br />
<br />
<br />
<br />
<br />
<br />
